The Joe Rogan experience. You're just finding new angles on funny.
You know what I mean? Sometimes.
That things are new is when things are newly invented or when they're new
events, like it has to be like a significant event or a new invention.
Then, then things open up new pathways. Other than that, like,
you're talking about relationships,
you in a variation of exactly a take on it that everybody's had.
Who's had a long life and been in relationships,
especially Larry King holler at your boy going on. Number eight.
Was that number seven? They just left.
Eighth, eighth divorce, seventh wife. I think he remarried.
One of them like that. You know.
Larry King still alive. You.
Didn't know? Oh, Roy would. Yeah. Roy Wood.
Roy and I were looking at pictures of, uh, Larry King.
I really didn't seen his wife impressed that he's still alive.
He's getting divorced.
At 85. How.
More power to him. Get busy. If you got the money to get divorced at 85,
go for it. They're.
Shooting him up with steroids and cocaine. And then just gonna start and Viagra,
just having gals come over to the place.
He's over at arts de holding court. <laugh>.
Can you imagine if, uh, over the last, like year of his life, he just banks,
an unprecedented volume of internet porn and just releases
it all in one blast. Larry King. He just called.
Dot king tapes.
Yes. King sex tapes. Yeah. King. Yeah,
just banging it out and just, yeah.
That's how he is gonna get. <laugh> get a lot.
Of Patriot.
You can get so much money if you really just want money. Now's the time to act.
That's wild.
Poor Larry. He doesn't seem like he has,
um, good posture.
Like that's not good when you're an older fellow and you like have.
The curve. Yeah. He's got that curve. The curve.
He was a very nice guy. I was on his show twice. I was on show twice for fear.
It's always very nice, very friendly guy. You.
Know, you kind of gotta be when you do that for a living and every night you're
talking to a person, you gotta be good at that. You can't be like me.
I'd be like.
Didn't they go to jail? Isn't there a Larry King.
We need to get a Larry King mugshot. Yeah. Get that. Larry King mugshot.
Order that up. Go to take the photo.
<laugh> you need find the photo of Larry King mugshot.
How do we not have Larry King? We just decided to get Pablo as.
Dude. You need to get the mugshot of the dude.
Who's still on CNN who got found out like in central park,
in New York, like with math and like a, a like makeshift news around his Dick.
<laugh> what? That his, they was, oh, what the? What's his name?
How do we not the English dude with the glasses? Uh,
English dude with the glasses. Uh, uh, CNN, CNN, Richard, um,
Richard, Richard, come on, dude. You're helping come. I help me. Hold on, come.
On. He's ordering up a large Richard.
Print.
Of Richard.
Larry Kings, Richard, Richard. Oh man. You know his face.
As soon as you see his face, you be like, oh, that guy, Richard quest,
Richard quest. Who's Richard quest. He's the guy I'm talking about.
I don't know who he is. Oh dude. If you see his face, he'll be like, oh yeah.
He's like, he he's like the English guy on, see, can I, him?
You got caught in like central park where like meth,
like some sort of noose or something around his Dick.
As far as I remember reading, we were, we were clouding it for.
A while. If you're a single gay guy, isn't that what you're supposed to do?
I don't know. He's supposed to have meth. I don't know things around your Dick.
That's like.
Thing. That's is this not on the did? Am I making this up? No there's no.
I was looking for a mugshot. There's no mug shot, but.
Here's an explanation from post. Oh, there's an.
Explanation. Okay. There's an explanation. <laugh>
I'm like making this up, right? I'm not this wasn't like a drug induced,
like hallucination or something, right? Oh God.
How hilarious is the way they put this CNN personality?
Richard quests was busting central park early Y with some drugs in his pocket
and a rope around his mouth was tied to his genitals.
No big deal and a sex toy in his boot law enforcement officials said
a sources said quest was initially busted for loitering. <laugh>.
It really wasn't about that.
Aside from the oddly configured rope,
the search also turned up a sex toy inside of his boot.
That means his <laugh> and a small bag of methamphetamine in his
left jacket pocket. It wasn't immediately clear what the rope was for.
<laugh> <laugh>.
That's the mugshot you need, but show him a picture.
So he'll no one I'm talking. Send me, please send Richard.
Quest. I'm gonna talk about that on stage from now on.
Send me that, that guy, dude, you don't know that guy. He's all over the CNN.
I do not know.
That guy. Can you send me that article that we just sent into? My.
Ever know? Oh, I hope it provides you something beautiful. There's something.
There there's something.
I, it provides you. So the best.
Part about the article was not clear.
It was not immediately clear what the rope rope for was for. And I'm like,
let me help. Let me help you out. <laugh>
Was it tied around his neck and his Dick was no.
Colombo connection.
Pocket is Mr. Quest at 64th street and west drive of about three.
Oh the police noticed Mr. Quest at 64th street and west drive about 3:40 AM.
The official said as he was being escorted out, he volunteered in quotes.
I have meth in my pocket.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> according to an official briefed on the case,
the police searched him and recovered a small amount of methamphetamine in a
Ziploc bag and a rope around his Dick and his neck.
<Laugh> and a sex joint. His.
More importantly, there's a lot of dudes.
Who do meth. They do. They keep it.
Together and they stay on the farm.
What kind of boots he had on his there's a snake in my boot. No, in his boot.
That means in his. Is this an English paper?
No it's no, it is New York. It was central.
Park. I think they mean his. I.
Don't think, think they mean his boot. I think.
They mean in his, in his, as.
That that's a whole new dimens. That's.
Your trunk, bro. They wouldn't call, you know what? English?
No in England, but it's like this isn't this, this New York.
Times. Yes. They're using proper British English. Don't that's America.
It's New York times called boots of boot in America.
Let's go with the better angle on it. This day was in his. Yeah. I mean,
that's funny.
That's the better New York post. Not New York times. It was in his.
That's why they said his boots, his boots,
his boot is it's proper British for like, if you watch like, uh, that is.
Factual. That.
Is factual Clarkson and Richard Hammonds.
And James May they refer to it's trunk as the boot. It's the boot. Yes.
It's in his. Right? The guy had a sex toy. His. Hey,
no judgment.
Brought a whole new like yeah. To mention to that. No judgment.
Wow. <laugh> it's okay.
It's fine.
Yes, sir.
Even if he didn't get caught with that in his,
he's still doing meth and talking to cops. Like what?
With a rope around his Dick and neck.
Yeah. That part too. I was gonna get to that <laugh>
and if it was so crazy, had a rubber Dick in his, like, wait, what?
I'm finding that. I'll I'll get you that mugshot.
I'm finding it. Math who?
Doesn't like a little meth every now and then rope Brett is dicking balls,
whatever, whatever <laugh> you got, uh, dismissed.
All charges were dismissed. Thank God for.
America. White privilege. <laugh>.
Magic. A dude is black as Wesley snatched with dreadlock.
They catch you with a Roper on your Dick and neck with a pack meth in your
pocket, bro. You die in.
Jail. Okay. Yeah.
That's and then die.
In that jail. Yeah, I think so. A hundred percent. I think so a hundred.
A.
Hundred dismissed.
You had meth and a rope already
connecting your neck and.
And probably a sex toy in your. Yeah. The UK, the UK.
Version issue at the very least in, I was gonna say in his shoe,
which is weird enough. It might, it might even be.
Weirder, but let's not jump to conclusions. Yeah.
This also just be a confusing interpretation of the American version of boot and
them saying maybe they think.
Shoe means that.
It was with another man. Ooh, mention that.
The other one. Oh.
His boot. Nobody's got a rubber Dick in their boot. That's outrageous.
That would make your boot all uncomfortable.
Why wouldn't you just put it in your pocket? It's in his, bro.
Let's just run with that. Cause he had meth in his pocket.
That's why no more Google search.
Shut off all the computers spread misinformation. <laugh> look.
I'm sure it was just an issue. Whatever, whatever you don't ever volunteer,
that you have drugs, let them find the drugs. Yeah.
Let him the drugs unless you wanna the cop. I have a quick,
good one on that level, on that.